# c_sharp_hospital_management
Asceso Hospital Pvt Ltd is a one of the health care hospital is located in SriLanka. The hospital vision is “Asceso to be the best Hospital in Sri Lanka.”. Asceso Hospitals has several department. The departments are Specialist consultant services, OPD, Lab and Radiology unit, and pharmacy. Now, Asceso Hospital pvt Ltd use a manual system to manage their hospital works, like manual appointment and billing system and has non existing patient’s management system. So they face so many troubles to manage their day today activities in the hospital. Therefore they need upgrade their manual system to computerize system.  They provide best part of social system which again have subsystem like clinical services, Diagnostic services, Therapeutic Services, supportive and utility services with heterogeneous group of people like Doctors, Nurse ,Paramedics ,Administrative staffs all working together to provide medical care to patients. The Asceso Hospital Management System (AHMS) is designed for Any Hospital to replace their existing manual, paper based system. This System targets to provide complete solution for Asceso Hospital and Health care services. This System can be used in any Hospital, Clinic, Diagnostics or Pathology labs for maintaining, pharmacist, Ward in charge, Admin, Lab technician, Office Clark, patient details and their test results. It integrates the entire Resources of a Hospital into One Integrated Asceso Hospital Management System (AHMS).
